Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english

buffburntforestLLName,buffs,Buff,New,,"Suffocating Smoke"
buffburntforestLLDesc,buffs,Buff,New,,"The Burnt Forest is filled with thick smoke. Find material to craft the Respirator Mod."
buffburntforestLLTooltip,buffs,Buff,New,,"[595a5c]The Burnt Forest is filled with smoke!"
modbuffburntforestLL,item_modifiers,mod,,,Respirator Mod
modbuffburntforestLLDesc,item_modifiers,mod,,,"Equip this to head armor to gain protection from the Burnt Forest smoke."
resourcefilterpiecesLL,Items,Resource,,,"Filter Pieces"
resourcefilterpiecesLLDesc,Items,Resource,,,"Use these Filter Pieces to craft a Respirator Mod to combat the Burnt Forest smoke." 

resourcebiomeiceLL,Items,Resource,,,"Dry Ice"
resourcebiomeiceLLDesc,Items,Resource,,,"Use this to craft a Super Heat Mod to stay cool in the high temp desert."
buffdesertheatLL,buffs,Buff,New,,"Super Heat"
buffdesertheatLLName,buffs,Buff,New,,"Super Heat"
buffdesertheatLLDesc,buffs,Buff,New,,"The sun in the desert is super hot. Find the material to craft the Super Heat Mod"
buffdesertheatLLTooltip,buffs,Buff,New,,"[ff0000]The sun in the desert is creating a super heat!"
modbuffdesertheatLL,item_modifiers,mod,,,Super Heat Mod
modbuffdesertheatLLDesc,item_modifiers,mod,,,"Equip this to leg armor to gain protection from the super heat in the desert."

resourcesnowLL,Items,Resource,,,"Small Pile of Hot Sand"
resourcesnowLLDesc,Items,Resource,,,"Use this to craft a Frozen North Mod to protect from the severe cold in the snow."
bufffrozensnowLL,buffs,Buff,New,,"Frozen North"
bufffrozensnowLLName,buffs,Buff,New,,"Frozen North"
bufffrozensnowLLDesc,buffs,Buff,New,,"The snow biome is a dangerous place, you will need to craft the Frozen North mod to protect from the freezing cold"
bufffrozensnowLLTooltip,buffs,Buff,New,,"[0073ff]Dont venture into the snow unless your properly protected"
modbufffrozensnowLL,item_modifiers,mod,,,Frozen North Mod
modbufffrozensnowLLDesc,item_modifiers,mod,,,Equip this to chest armor to gain protection from the freezing temps of the snow region

resourceradiofiberLL,Items,Resource,,,"Radioactive Snow Fibers"
resourceradiofiberLLDesc,Items,Resource,,,"Use this to craft a Radiation Ready Mod to protect from the radiation of the wasteland."
buffradiationwasteLL,buffs,Buff,New,,"Radiation"
buffradiationwasteLLName,buffs,Buff,New,,"Radiation"
buffradiationwasteLLDesc,buffs,Buff,New,,"The wasteland is super dangerous and full of radiation, equip the Radiation Ready Mod to protect yourself. This also needs to be equipped to gather Scrap Vibranium from the Wasteland."
buffradiationwasteLLTooltip,buffs,Buff,New,,"[06de02]Wasteland is RADIATED. watchout"
modbuffradiationwasteLL,item_modifiers,mod,,,Radiation Ready Mod
modbuffradiationwasteLLDesc,item_modifiers,mod,,,"Equip this to head armor to gain protection from the radiation in the wasteland."
